Update the document (#1254)
microsoft/vscode-java-test: README.md

- Customize test configurations
- View test report
- View tests in Test Explorer

## Requirements

- JDK (version 11 or later)
- VS Code (version 1.59.0 or later)
- [Language Support for Java by Red Hat](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=redhat.java)
- [Debugger for Java](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscjava.vscode-java-debug)

## Features

### Run/Debug Test Cases
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Microsoft/vscode-java-test/cs/update-document/demo/editor-decoration.png" alt="Run/Debug Test Cases"/>
</p>

> - The extension will generate shortcuts (the green play button) at the left side of the class and method definition. Simply click on it will start running the target test cases. Or you can right click on it to see more options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The extension will generate shortcuts (the green play button) on the left side of the class and method definition. To run the target test cases, simply click on the green play button. You can also right click on it to see more options.
```

---

### Test Explorer

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Microsoft/vscode-java-test/cs/update-document/demo/test_explorer.png" alt="Test Explorer"/>
</p>

- The Test Explorer is the place to show all the test cases in your workspace. You can also run/debug your test cases from here.

---

### Customize Test Configurations
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Microsoft/vscode-java-test/cs/update-document/demo/configuration.png" alt="Customize Test Configurations"/>
</p>

> - Sometimes you may want to customize the configuration for running the test cases. To achieve this, you can add it into your workspace settings under the section: `java.test.config`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sometimes you may want to customize the configuration of running the test cases. To achieve this, you can add the configuration into your workspace settings under the section: `java.test.config`.
```

Author: How about 'you may want to customize the configuration **to run** the test cases'

---

### View Test Result

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Microsoft/vscode-java-test/cs/update-document/demo/test_report.png" alt="View Test Result"/>
</p>

- After running/debugging the test cases, the state of the related test items will be updated in both editor decoration and test explorer.
- You can trigger the command `Test: Peek Output` to peek the result view.

> - You can click the links in the stacktrace to navigate to the source location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can click the on links in the stack trace to navigate to the source location.
```

### VS Code Embedded Commands for Testing

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Microsoft/vscode-java-test/cs/update-document/demo/command_palette.png" alt="VS Code Embedded Commands for Testing"/>
</p>

> There are some other VS Code embedded commands for testing, which can be found by searching `Test:` in the Command Palette.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are other VS Code embedded commands for testing, which can be found by searching `Test:` in the Command Palette.
```

## Settings

| Setting Name | Description | Default Value |
|---|---|---|
| `java.test.config` | Specify the configuration for the test cases to run with. [More details](https://aka.ms/java-test-config). | `{}` |
| `java.test.defaultConfig` | Specify the name of the default test configuration. | `""` |

### VS Code Embedded Settings for Testing

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Microsoft/vscode-java-test/cs/update-document/demo/settings.png" alt="VS Code Embedded Settings for Testing"/>
</p>

There are some other VS Code embedded settings for testing, which can be found by searching `testing` in the Settings view.
## Project Setup
### JUnit 5

> Please refer to [Getting Started](https://junit.org/junit5/docs/current/user-guide/#overview-getting-started) from the JUnit 5's official document for getting started guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to [Getting Started](https://junit.org/junit5/docs/current/user-guide/#overview-getting-started) from the JUnit 5's official document for getting started documentation.
```

> Note: If your project does not use build tools(Maven/Gradle/...), please make sure [junit-platform-console-standalone.jar](https://search.maven.org/search?q=g:org.junit.platform%20AND%20a:junit-platform-console-standalone) is on your project classpath.

### JUnit 4

> Please refer to [Download and Install](https://github.com/junit-team/junit4/wiki/Download-and-Install) from the JUnit 4's official document for the getting started guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to [Download and Install](https://github.com/junit-team/junit4/wiki/Download-and-Install) from the JUnit 4's official document for the getting started documentation.
```

### TestNG

> Please refer to [TestNG Docs](https://testng.org/doc/) from the TestNG's official document for getting started guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to [TestNG Docs](https://testng.org/doc/) from the TestNG's official document for getting started documentation.
```

## FAQ
If you meet any problem when using the extension, please refer to the [FAQ](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-java-test/wiki/FAQ) to check if there is an answer to your problem.

> 

Reviewer: possible to add Github Repo Issues link?

Author: ok
